with its factory tuning in data center
DNA and Intel 730 series SSD is an
amazing choice for gamers and
performance enthusiasts the corsair k 40
spec list has got some pretty good stuff
going for it it's got a 16 point 8
million color customizable backlight
with cycling and pulsing modes it's got
n key roll over and anti-ghosting over
USB which is no mean feat and it's six
programmable G keys with three different
layers of functionality can be
configured through software or on the
fly using the M R button just press it
select a G key type in your combo and
press M R again and on top of all that
Corsair software which I just mentioned
has gone from needs work to actually
pretty good in the last few years and
now we're at the point where changing
the color scheme managing the profiles
on the PC and the ones saved to the
keyboards onboard memory and programming
the keys with alternate functions or
macros is leg free and happens in real
time without any weird behavior the
backlight configurator is especially fun
to play with since it changes the colors
and settings as you dink around with it
but honestly I didn't find the backlight
itself to be that amazing sure you can
set it to whatever color you want but it
isn't super bright and like I mentioned
in my Corsair RGB mechanical keyboard
coverage at CES it's one of those
lighting systems that is theoretically
capable of sixteen point eight million
colors but in reality you can only
achieve a handful of distinct vibrant
colors now the keys themselves are not
as linear like MMX black or red but
reminded me of Browns if Browns were
spongy or less tactile and generally
more membrane II honestly it was a
little weird going back to a rubber dome
keyboard since I've been using
mechanical for so long I'm not used to
needing to bottom out anymore so that
was an adjustment it didn't slow down my
typing much surprised me but my wrists
are noticeably more tired having used it
for about a week at work I'm not sure if
that's directly related to the switches
but it's a knob
servation nonetheless the keyboard looks
quite attractive like coursers other
offerings but uses a matte black and
silver plastic body instead of a metal
body with a shiny corsair logo the
layout is solid I don't really have any
complaints here and includes dedicated
media keys to go along with a dedicated
Windows key lock as well as a brightness
key that goes from off to 1/3 to 2/3 to
full strength on the backlight but one
problem with the layout that I actually
didn't even notice when just looking at
the keyboard is that I found the F keys
are too close to the number row for me
it actually took me a couple days to
figure out why I've been mashing f11 and
f12 all week when I was reaching for the
backspace all right so it's competitive
landscape time in this price range
there's some generic stuff like the
gigabyte a via gkk 8100 which I actually
used for a while and kind of like it's
not a terrible keyboard there's some
unique stuff like the Razer Deathstalker
with its low profile chiclet keys and
some downright goofy stuff like that
cooling fan for your left hand on the TT
eSports challenger but in my mind some
of the biggest threats to the K 40
actually come from Corsairs own lineup
and from the fact that no matter what
check boxes it ticks on a product matrix
it is still a membrane keyboard and
single color backlit mechanical
keyboards like the Quickfire Pro and
Poseidon can be had for a mere $10 more
I mean guys the keyboard is alright the
feature set particularly the RGB
backlighting is competitive if you like
membrane keys which some people do but
well I can't complain about this product
I guess if I had to complain about
something I have a bit of an issue with
the design philosophy here normally I
wouldn't even mention this kind of thing
in a review but kind of like the coach's
son on a baseball team I've got to make
an example of course there once in a
while to prove I'm not favoring them for
being a longtime sponsor the K 40 feels
like a very corporate driven SKU from
the ground up it is low risk it slots
into a small gap in the product stack
between the K 30 and K 50 it likely
improves profitability at that price
point compared to the K 65 compact and
it ticks all the right boxes on the
aforementioned product matrix against
its competition but that's not supposed
to be the coarser way coarser is
supposed to be a bunch of enthusiasts
who build the coolest thing they
possibly can and then price it at
whatever they need to to support their
business and the K 40 just doesn't seem
enthusiast driven to me with that said I
can't go too hard on them because they
are innovating in the category metal
finished keyboards weren't mainstream
until Corsair did it and their new RGB
backlit mechanical is a quantum leap
past what everyone else is doing for
backlit keyboards so maybe that's the
problem I mean if it seems like I came
into this review with a bit of a grumpy
mindset that must be the underlying
issue I'm sitting here waiting for the
RGB mechanical and they send me this to
review in the meantime
honestly it's fine but you give a hungry
dog a pat on the head and you might
appreciate the pat on the head it might
be an excellent pat on the head but he's
still waiting for his bone give me my
bone Corsair I cannot wait you are
sitting over there on the most amazing
keyboard I have ever seen and I want it
now
guys we should start like a chant in the
comments demanding the Corsair our GB
keyboard I know they're PR guy watches
these videos so you know yeah one two
you let's get it going anyway guys like
and share this video if you liked it
dislike it if you disliked it and leave
a comment on the Linus tech tips forum
linked in the video description if you
want to discuss this product or if you
have constructive criticism for me and
my team also linked in the video
description is our support link with
options to buy t-shirts give us a
monthly contribution or give us a
kickback whenever you buy random junk on
Amazon check it out if you enjoy our
videos it helps us out a whole bunch Oh
and as always yes if I'm just
remembering to say that except that I've
done it over 2,000 times thanks for
watching and don't forget to subscribe